---
title: MA Ballot Signatures Needed!
date: 2020-06-27 18:58:00 -04:00
is featured: true
---

<span style="font-family:Papyrus; font-size:1.5em; color:red;">**PLEASE NOTE:**</span>

<span style="font-family:Papyrus; font-size:1.5em;">Massachusetts needs transparency in the legislature and 100% renewable energy! Please sign these two petitions to get these two referendum questions on the ballot **today**.  ***Deadline is July 1!***</span>

---

Dear Friend,

We have an urgent need for your help getting 2 key questions on the ballot this November.

The problem: MA Legislators vote down climate bills in committee without transparency.

The solution: Putting referendum questions on ballots in November in districts across the state around making committee votes transparent and advancing 100% renewable energy, so politicians get clear signals from their voters on how to vote.

How you can help: [Please e-sign both ballot questions today!](https://maclimatedemocracy.org){:target="_blank"} And get your friends and neighbors to do the same!

Thanks to a late-breaking settlement with the state, you can officially sign these ballot signatures from your computer!

We need all of these e-signatures in by **July 1st** so we can print and deliver hard copies to the town clerks on time- so PLEASE, take a moment to click on the link, use the drop-down to choose your district, and sign your name. Don’t forget to submit (and for BOTH questions)!

After you sign, please invite your family, neighbors and friends to sign! Simply share this link, check out our [social media toolkit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nsjCtMsYnvTqiNu3RTu14H6oJ9LGJ-TIxyERtlnfmq8/edit){:target="_blank"}  to post, tweet or email it to your network.
We don’t have much time to get these signatures to Town Halls all over Massachusetts, so let’s get to work!

Craig S. Altemose
Co-Founder and Senior Advisor, 350 Massachusetts
Executive Director, Better Future Project

P.S. Please reach out to us with any questions: ballotquestion@betterfutureproject.org

P.P.S. Already signed? Help us spread the word!

Craig

--
Craig S. Altemose, M.P.P., J.D. (he/his)
Executive Director, Better Future Project
craig@betterfutureproject.org | (201) 841-7105